<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html>
<html prefix="
 bibo: http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/
 cc: http://creativecommons.org/ns#
 dcmitype: http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/
 dcterms: http://purl.org/dc/terms/
 foaf: http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/
 nm: http://nomisma.org/id/
 owl:  http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#
 rdfs: http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema# 
 rdfa: http://www.w3.org/ns/rdfa#
 rdf:  http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#
 skos: http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#
 " xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="content-type"/>
<title>Current Practice in Linked Open Data for the Ancient World</title>
<meta content="2333.1/gxd256w7" name="DCTERMS.identifier.DOI"/>
<link href="../isaw-ereaders.css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="http://dlib.nyu.edu/awdl/isaw/isaw-papers/7/" rel="canonical"/>
<link href="http://isaw.nyu.edu/publications/isaw-papers" rel="dcterms:isPartOf"/>
</head>
<body>
<header>
<div>ISAW Papers 7 (2014)</div>
<h1 property="dcterms:title">Current Practice in Linked Open Data for the Ancient World</h1>
<div>Editors: <span rel="dcterms:creator"><a href="http://viaf.org/viaf/258676042" property="foaf:name" rel="dcterms:identifier">Thomas Elliott</a></span>, <span rel="dcterms:creator"><a href="http://viaf.org/viaf/220831018" property="foaf:name" rel="dcterms:identifier">Sebastian Heath</a></span>, <span rel="dcterms:creator"><a href="http://viaf.org/viaf/309849093" property="foaf:name" rel="dcterms:identifier">John Muccigrosso</a></span></div>
<p class="doi" style="text-align: center;padding: 10px"><a href="http://doi.org/2333.1/gxd256w7" rel="dcterms:identifier">http://doi.org/2333.1/gxd256w7</a></p>
<p id="abstract"><em>Abstract: </em><span id="abstract" property="dcterms:abstract"> Reports on current work relevant to the role of Linked Open Data (LOD) in the study of the ancient world. As a term, LOD encompasses approaches to the publication of digital resources that emphasize stability, relatively fine-grained access to intellectual content via public URIs, and re-usability as defined both by publication of machine reabable data and by publication under licenses that permit further copying of available materials. This collection presents a series of reports from participants in 2012 and 2013 sessions of the NEH-funded Linked Ancient World Data Institute. The contributors come from a wide range of academic disciplines and professional backgrounds. The projects they represent reflect this range and also illustrate many stages of the process of moving from concept to implementation, with a focus on results achieved by the mid 2013 to early 2014 timeframe.</span></p>
<div id="subjects"><em>Subjects:</em> <a href="http://id.loc.gov/authorities/subjects/sh86001448" rel="dcterms:subject">Humanities--Study and teaching</a>.</div>
<ul id="tableofcontents">
<li>1. <a href="elliott-heath-muccigrosso/isaw-papers-7-1.xhtml">Prologue and Introduction</a>  (Thomas Elliott, Sebastian Heath and John Muccigrosso)</li>
<li>2. <a href="acheson/isaw-papers-7-2.xhtml">Linked Open Bibliographies in Ancient Studies</a> (Phoebe Acheson)</li>
<li>3. <a href="almas-babeu-krohn/isaw-papers-7-3.xhtml">Linked Data in the Perseus Digital Library</a> (Bridget Almas, Alison Babeu, Anna Krohn)</li>
<li>4. <a href="benefiel-sprenkle//isaw-papers-7-4.xhtml">Herculaneum Graffiti Project</a> (Rebecca Benefiel and Sara Sprenkle)</li>
<li>5. <a href="blackwell-smith//isaw-papers-7-5.xhtml">The Homer Multitext and RDF-Based Integration</a> (Christopher Blackwell and D. Neel Smith)</li>
<li>6. <a href="elliott-jones/isaw-papers-7-6.xhtml">Moving the Ancient World Online Forward</a> (Thomas Elliott and Charles Jones)</li>
<li>7. <a href="hafford/isaw-papers-7-7.xhtml">Linked Open Data and the Ur of the Chaldees Project</a> (William B. Hafford)</li>
<li>8. <a href="heath/isaw-papers-7-8.xhtml">ISAW Papers: Towards a Journal as Linked Open Data</a> (Sebastian Heath)</li>
<li>9. <a href="horne/isaw-papers-7-9.xhtml">Beyond Maps as Images at the Ancient World Mapping Center</a> (Ryan Horne)</li>
<li>10. <a href="kansa/isaw-papers-7-10.xhtml">Open Context and Linked Data</a> (Eric Kansa)</li>
<li>11. <a href="lana/isaw-papers-7-11.xhtml">Geolat: Geography for Latin Literature</a> (Maurizio Lana)</li>
<li>12. <a href="liuzzo/isaw-papers-7-12.xhtml">The Europeana Network of Ancient Greek and Latin Epigraphy (EAGLE)</a> (Pietro Maria Liuzzo)</li>
<li>13. <a href="mackay/isaw-papers-7-13.xhtml">Bryn Mawr Classical Review</a> (Camilla MacKay)</li>
<li>14. <a href="mcmichael/isaw-papers-7-14.xhtml">Byzantine Cappadocia: Small Data and the Dissertation</a> (A. L. McMichael)</li>
<li>15. <a href="meadows-gruber/isaw-papers-7-15.xhtml">Coinage and Numismatic Methods. A Case Study of Linking a Discipline</a> (Andrew Meadows and Ethan Gruber)</li>
<li>16. <a href="meyers/isaw-papers-7-16.xhtml">Exploring an Opportunity to Link the Dead in Ancient Rome</a> (Katy Meyers)</li>
<li>17. <a href="murray/isaw-papers-7-17.xhtml">RAM 3D Web Portal</a> (William Murray)</li>
<li>18. <a href="nurmikko-fuller/isaw-papers-7-18.xhtml">Assessing the Suitability of Existing OWL Ontologies for the Representation of Narrative Structures in Sumerian Literature</a> (Terhi Nurmikko-Fuller)</li>
<li>19. <a href="pearce-schmitz/isaw-papers-7-19.xhtml">Berkeley Prosopography Services</a> (Laurie Pearce and Patrick Schmitz)</li>
<li>20. <a href="pett/isaw-papers-7-20.xhtml">Linking Portable Antiquities to a wider web</a> (Daniel Pett)</li>
<li>21. <a href="poehler/isaw-papers-7-21.xhtml">Pompeii Bibliography and Mapping Resource</a> (Eric Poehler)</li>
<li>22. <a href="rabinowitz/isaw-papers-7-22.xhtml">It’s about time: Historical Periodization and Linked Ancient World Data</a> (Adam Rabinowitz)</li>
<li>23. <a href="reinhard/isaw-papers-7-23.xhtml">Publishing Archaeological Linked Open Data: From Steampunk to Sustainability</a> (Andrew Reinhard)</li>
<li>24. <a href="romanello/isaw-papers-7-24.xhtml">Mining Citations, Linking Texts</a> (Matteo Romanello)</li>
<li>25. <a href="roueche-lawrence-lawrence/isaw-papers-7-25.xhtml">Linked Data and Ancient Wisdom</a> (Charlotte Roueché, Keith Lawrence, and K. Faith Lawrence)</li>
<li>26. <a href="seifried/isaw-papers-7-26.xhtml">Linked Open Data for the Uninitiated</a> (Rebecca Seifreid)</li>
<li>27. <a href="simon-barker-desoto-isaksen/isaw-papers-7-27.xhtml">Pelagios</a> (Rainer Simon, Elton Barker, Pau de Soto, and Leif Isaksen)</li>
<li>28. <a href="taylor/isaw-papers-7-28.xhtml">Linked data and the future of cuneiform research at the British Museum</a> (Jon Taylor)</li>
<li>29. <a href="tsonev/isaw-papers-7-29.xhtml">Integrating Historical-Geographic Web-Resources</a> (Tsoni Tsonev)</li>
<li>30. <a href="vankeer/isaw-papers-7-30.xhtml">Moving from Cross-Collection Integration to Explorations of Linked Data Practices in the Library of Antiquity at the Royal Museums of Art and History, Brussels</a> (Ellen Van Keer)</li>
</ul>
</header>
<footer>
<p class="editorial_note"><i>ISAW Papers</i> (ISSN 2164-1471) is a publication of the <a href="http://isaw.nyu.edu" property="dcterms:publisher" rel="dcterms:publisher">Institute for the Study of the Ancient World</a>, <a href="http://nyu.edu/">New York University</a>. The articles in ISAW Papers 7 were considered for publication by Tom Elliott and Sebastian Heath as members of the ISAW staff and faculty.</p>
<p class="copyright" style="margin-top:1em;text-align:center;color:gray">©2014 <span property="cc:attributionName">The authors</span>. Distributed under the terms of the <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/" rel="cc:license" style="color:gray">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 Unported</a> license.</p>
</footer>
</body>
</html>
